Brand
Quick Guide

For External Partners
August 2023 v1.0

1Welcome

This document is the beginning of our brand journey as X.

We know many partners use our logos in a variety of places
to help signpost where your audience can ﬁnd you.

We also appreciate the importance of keeping this
information up-to-date and accurate.

With that in mind, this document provides details on how to
use our new branding including logo use, primary colors,
typography, terminology, posts and asset download.

Please note that as we continue to build out X, we will continue
to update and evolve our guidance. This guide isn't exhaustive,
please reach out to your X brand partner if you are looking for
something that isn't speciﬁcally covered here.

2Logo

The X logo is black or white. It must be legible and maintain the
integrity of its form. Our logo should be large and clear in external
communications.

Color Treatment
Logo should be white on black background or black on white
background.

Clearspace
The empty space around the logo should be at minimum equal
width left, right, top, bottom.

Exception: For non-digital or non-monochrome environments, the logo
should be white on darker backgrounds and black on lighter backgrounds.

3Logo Lockup

We use the logo pairing lockups to clearly show an account in on
X. When pairing a username with the X logo, make sure the logo is
white or black, and we recommend pairing it with the username in
black. Observe our clear space rules, and scale the text to 100%
of the height of the logo. Feel free to use a typeface that’s from
your brand’s design system.

Aligning partnership logos should also follow clear space rules.

4Primary Colors

Our primary colors are black and white. Black plays a very
important role in all brand assets and should provide balance with
white. Together, they ensure neutrality, communicate powerfully
and provide consistency across brand communications.

Note: We are currently developing the secondary colors and will include
them in an updated version of the brand guidelines.

X Black X White

HEX #000000
RGB 0 0 0
CMYK 0 0 0 100
Pantone Black 6 C
HEX #FFFFFF
RGB 255 255 255
CMYK 0 0 0 0
Pantone White

5Typography

Use these type styles for consistency.

Please reference the type style and size parameters.

HEADLINES  |  HELVETICA NEUE BOLD, 60 - 75 PT
Hello,
X
BODY COPY  |  HELVETICA NEUE NORMAL, 18 - 24PT
We partnered with media agency 1 and media
agency 2 to understand what factors inﬂuence a
consumer’s purchase decision. ¼ of a consumer’s
purchase decision is driven by how culturally relevant
the brand is -- that is not insigniﬁcant.

DATA NUMBERS  | HELVETICA NEUE BOLD, 75 - 100PT
SUB-HEADLINES  |  HELVETICA NEUE BOLD, 24 - 40 PT +
This is a beautiful 18%
sub-headline
DATA SUPPORTING | HELVETICA NEUE NORMAL, 20 - 22PT

CONTENT HEADLINE  | HELVETICA NEUE BOLD, 28 PT
This is a beautiful
content headline
MESSAGE
ASSOCIATION
SOURCE  |  HELVETICA NEUE NORMAL, 16 PT

Source: X Internal Data (Semantic Core). US Only. Graph: 7-day rolling
average post volume, 4/1/23 – 7/17/23. Growth Metric: Daily average
post growth month over month, 6/1/23 – 7/17/23. Data retrieved
7/17/23.

If you are already using Chirp font, you may continue to use it until a revised version of the brand guidelines is released
with a custom toolkit. 6Terminology

Introducing our glossary of key terms! This reference tool is designed to
deﬁne and help you use X brand terminology.

Note: An extensive glossary of terms will feature in a future version of the brand guidelines.

Before After Example usage
Twitter X “This is for employees of X only”
Twitter app X app “Download the X app”
Twitter account X account “Create your X account”
Tweet post "Share your post." "Add another post"
Retweet repost "This is a repost"
Quote Tweet Quote "This is a Quote"
Protected Tweets protected posts “Request to follow them to view their
protected posts”
Replies replies "Read your replies"
Tweeter author* "See more posts from this author"
Pinned Tweet pinned post "View your pinned posts". "This post
was pinned"
Promoted Tweet promoted post "View their promoted post"
Twitter Spaces Spaces** "Go live on Spaces"
Twitter Blue X Premium "Subscribe to X Premium"
TweetDeck X Pro "Subscribe to X Pro."
Twitter Ads Ads** "Go to ads.x.com to see your Ads."

*Can also use "users" or "subscribers" or "account" or "creator" depending on the context. 7
**Can also use X Spaces / X Ads depending on the contextPosts

We use posts to highlight conversations and tell stories. They
should always retain their basic structure.

We increase the size of the post content to better ﬁt formats, to
amplify the post and its message, and to make sure the post can
work as a tagline or statement.

Dark mode posts are preferred. White can be used as an alternative
to dark mode when the color scheme or context feels appropriate.

Include our logo in the top right so that when used, our brand is
recognized.

8Brand Assets

Click HERE to download the following brand toolkit assets:

● X White Logo.png
● X Black Logo.png
● X Alpha Logo .svg (transparent)
● X @handle Lockup.ai
● X Partnership Lockup.ai
● Post Layout.ai

By using the X brands in these guidelines (the “Guidelines”), you agree to the Guidelines as well as our
Terms of Service and all other X rules and policies. X Corp (“X”) reserves the right to cancel, modify, or
change this policy at any time at its sole discretion without notice.

These Guidelines apply to your use of the X brands. You may use the X brands solely for the purposes
expressly authorized by X.

Strict compliance with these Guidelines is required at all times, and any use of the X brands in
violation of these Guidelines will automatically terminate any permission related to your use of the X
brands.

X reserves the right to grant or deny any permission at its sole discretion and for any reason. X further
reserves the rights, exercisable at its sole discretion, to modify these Guidelines and/or the X brands
at any time and to take appropriate action against any unauthorized or nonconforming use of the X
brands. 9Thank you

10